hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_PublUserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_PublUserActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/chat/ChatRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.chat.ChatRepository_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/repositort/FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newmember/AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityPublicLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityPublicLoginBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewMemberBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewMemberBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemCohortBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemCohortBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewCohortBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewCohortBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewTaskBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewTaskBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/taskdetail/TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentDoctorProfileEditBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentDoctorProfileEditBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/AppoinntmentViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_cohorts_CohortsRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_cohorts_CohortsRepositoryModule
com/example/cohorts/BR.java
 com.example.cohorts.BR
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatImageSentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatImageSentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_video_ui_splash_SplashScreenActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_video_ui_splash_SplashScreenActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemTasksBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemTasksBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newmember/AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatTextReceivedBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatTextReceivedBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/Hilt_DoctorActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.Hilt_DoctorActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.Hilt_DoctorActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/taskdetail/TaskDetailViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/addNewTask/AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_video_ui_info_CohortInfoFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_video_ui_info_CohortInfoFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_FirebaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_FirebaseModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/databinding/TopDoctorBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.TopDoctorBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/DoctorDashFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.DoctorDashFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/LoginViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/user/UserRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.user.UserRepository_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newcohort/AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newmember/Hilt_AddNewMemberFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.Hilt_AddNewMemberFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/splash/Hilt_SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.splash.Hilt_SplashScreenActivity
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.splash.Hilt_SplashScreenActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/cohorts/newcohort/Hilt_AddNewCohort.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.cohorts.newcohort.Hilt_AddNewCohort
com/example/cohorts/ui/chat/ChatViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/info/Hilt_CohortInfoFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.info.Hilt_CohortInfoFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.cohorts.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.cohorts.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_storage_StorageModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_storage_StorageModule
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/theme/ThemeRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.theme.ThemeRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_theme_ThemeRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_theme_ThemeRepositoryModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/LoginViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/SpecialItemBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.SpecialItemBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/Hilt_PublUserActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.Hilt_PublUserActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.Hilt_PublUserActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_video_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohort_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_video_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohort_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemInfoUserBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemInfoUserBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_meeting_MeetingRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_meeting_MeetingRepositoryModule
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/meeting/MeetingRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.meeting.MeetingRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_PublicLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_PublicLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityDrLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityDrLoginBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Hilt_PublicLoginActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_PublicLoginActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_PublicLoginActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/EditDoctorProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatImageSentBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatImageSentBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentCohortInfoBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentCohortInfoBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/PublUserActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.PublUserActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/HomeViewmodel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Login1ViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/CohortsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_register_AUthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_register_AUthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newmember/AddNewMemberFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_info_CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_info_CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseStorageFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/info/CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Hilt_DrLoginActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_DrLoginActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_DrLoginActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseAuthFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseAuthFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseAuthFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/taskdetail/TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewMemberBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewMemberBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/PatientAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.PatientAppointmentBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_video_ui_cohorts_CohortsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_video_ui_cohorts_CohortsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/Hilt_TasksFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.Hilt_TasksFragment
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewCohortBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewCohortBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/info/CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentDashBoardBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentDashBoardBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/chat/ChatViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentZoomedImageBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentZoomedImageBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentDoctorDashBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentDoctorDashBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/HomeViewmodel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.HomeViewmodel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/core/CoroutinesModule_ProvideCoroutineDispatcherFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.CoroutinesModule_ProvideCoroutineDispatcherFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.CoroutinesModule_ProvideCoroutineDispatcherFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideFirestoreFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirestoreFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirestoreFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentAddNewTaskBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentAddNewTaskBinding
com/example/cohorts/DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.cohorts.DaggerCohortsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/taskdetail/TaskDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.TaskDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentProfileBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityDoctorBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityDoctorBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Hilt_LoginActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_LoginActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Hilt_LoginActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_splash_SplashViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_splash_SplashViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_addNewTask_AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/cohorts/CohortsRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.cohorts.CohortsRepository_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentUserViewDoctorBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentUserViewDoctorBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/profile/ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityPublUserBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityPublUserBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/addNewTask/AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentDoctorProfileBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentDoctorProfileBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentTaskDetailBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentTaskDetailBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_DoctorDashFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_DoctorDashFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_chat_ChatRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_chat_ChatRepositoryModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatTextSentBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatTextSentBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/profile/Hilt_ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.Hilt_ProfileFragment
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemTasksBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemTasksBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_AppoinntmentViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentCohortsBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentCohortsBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_DoctorActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_DoctorActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/repositort/SpecialRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.SpecialRepository_Factory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatImageReceivedBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatImageReceivedBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentCohortsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentCohortsBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/chat/Hilt_ChatFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.Hilt_ChatFragment
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentChatBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentChatBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/Hilt_DrRegisterActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.Hilt_DrRegisterActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.Hilt_DrRegisterActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentZoomedImageBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentZoomedImageBinding
com/example/cohorts/repositort/FirebaseAuthRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_doctor_EditDoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/CohortsApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.cohorts.CohortsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/addNewTask/AddNewTaskFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemCohortBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemCohortBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/cohorts/CohortsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.cohorts.CohortsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_splash_SplashViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_splash_SplashViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseDatabaseFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideFirebaseDatabaseFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/DoctorActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.DoctorActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/AUthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/chat/ChatViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatImageReceivedBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatImageReceivedBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/core/repository/tasks/TasksRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.repository.tasks.TasksRepository_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Login1ViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_taskdetail_TaskDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentTasksBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentTasksBinding
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/addNewTask/Hilt_AddNewTaskFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.Hilt_AddNewTaskFragment
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_repositort_FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_repositort_FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityDrRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityDrRegisterBinding
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityLoginBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_tasks_TasksRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_tasks_TasksRepositoryModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ProgressDialogBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ProgressDialogBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/CohortsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentChatBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentChatBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/repositort/AuthRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.AuthRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_repository_user_UserRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_repository_user_UserRepositoryModule
com/example/cohorts/core/FirebaseModule_GetApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.FirebaseModule_GetApiServiceFactory
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/databinding/DropdownItemBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.DropdownItemBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/Hilt_PublicRegisterActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.Hilt_PublicRegisterActivity
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.Hilt_PublicRegisterActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/PublicRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.PublicRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_login_DrLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_login_DrLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatTextReceivedBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatTextReceivedBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentCohortInfoBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentCohortInfoBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_HomeViewmodel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_publicuser_viewmodel_DoctorProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_video_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_video_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/chat/ChatFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.chat.ChatFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.LoginViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentNotiBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentNotiBinding
com/example/cohorts/repositort/FirebaseAuthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/doctor/Hilt_DoctorDashFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.doctor.Hilt_DoctorDashFragment
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/taskdetail/Hilt_TaskDetailFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.taskdetail.Hilt_TaskDetailFragment
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/AUthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemChatTextSentBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemChatTextSentBinding
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newmember/AddNewMemberViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newmember.AddNewMemberViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newmember_AddNewMemberViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/cohorts/Hilt_CohortsFragment.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.cohorts.Hilt_CohortsFragment
com/example/cohorts/ui/publicuser/viewmodel/DoctorProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.publicuser.viewmodel.DoctorProfileViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/splash/SplashViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_Factory
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ItemInfoUserBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ItemInfoUserBinding
com/example/cohorts/repositort/Preferences_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.Preferences_Factory
com/example/cohorts/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cohorts.BuildConfig
com/example/cohorts/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newcohort/AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_register_AUthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_register_AUthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_core_CoroutinesModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_core_CoroutinesModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentSettingsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentSettingsBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/ui/splash/SplashViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_cohorts_CohortsApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_tasks_TasksViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_register_PublicRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_register_PublicRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/DrRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.DrRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/info/CohortInfoViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.info.CohortInfoViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentTaskDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentTaskDetailBindingImpl
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/newcohort/AddNewCohortViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohortViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_profile_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/cohorts/CohortsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.cohorts.CohortsViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityPublicRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityPublicRegisterBinding
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/cohorts/newcohort/AddNewCohort_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.cohorts.newcohort.AddNewCohort_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_newcohort_AddNewCohortViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/addNewTask/AddNewTaskViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.addNewTask.AddNewTaskViewModel_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/tasks/TasksViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.tasks.TasksViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_repositort_FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_repositort_FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/info/CohortInfoFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.info.CohortInfoFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.cohorts.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentUserAppointmentBinding.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentUserAppointmentBinding
com/example/cohorts/core/storage/SharedPreferenceStorage_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.core.storage.SharedPreferenceStorage_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_cohorts_CohortsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_info_CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_info_CohortInfoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/PublicLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.PublicLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/splash/SplashViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.splash.SplashViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_register_DrRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_register_DrRegisterActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/viewmodel/DoctorRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cohorts.viewmodel.DoctorRepository_Factory
com/example/cohorts/ui/register/AUthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.ui.register.AUthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/video/ui/splash/SplashScreenActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.video.ui.splash.SplashScreenActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/databinding/FragmentTasksBindingImpl.java
 com.example.cohorts.databinding.FragmentTasksBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_cohorts_ui_chat_ChatViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/cohorts/repositort/FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cohorts.repositort.FirebaseAuthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/DrLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.DrLoginActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cohorts/ui/login/Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cohorts.ui.login.Login1ViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cohorts/Hilt_CohortsApplication.java
 com.example.cohorts.Hilt_CohortsApplication
 com.example.cohorts.Hilt_CohortsApplication$1
